Commit #1
During this commit (4103b5795b7bbaf8e6ea6e4c2f680128d0f7013f), I was trying to figure out which method was best for reading the results from the file for the images. Especially while using JavaScript memory (haven’t done that before always used onboard files never had things be uploaded). So, there was one way which was a bit longer and more confusing to implement. That was confusing for me, and I found another method using “Promise” (2bae52b9f846bc29089fa7e9a9ca7d7081486b79) which was simpler and once I went through it, I understood it a lot better and it made more sense logically to me. This experiment taught me how asynchronous file reading works in the browser and how the same logic can be expressed with either callbacks or Promises. After trying both and looking into both of them, I chose the Promise version because the async/await style made the form submit handler easier for me to read and reason about, even though the callback version also could satisfy the requirements. 


Commit #2
This (997c4d8c5fc28f1d86d7dfc1a33156c1c1a019d6) was a great chance to learn how to do these responsive layouts in a smaller environment. I’ve tried doing responsive layouts before and had an understanding of how to do them, but with all the different CSS stylings and the different elements in the code, I never got it to look quite right and the way I wanted it to. This time there weren’t as many CSS elements and the way the code is structured it was easy to manipulate each section in a way that allowed for a smaller view to be uniform and not overflow or have misalignments. I got the view to look pretty good, I didn’t check on my phone necessarily for this but shrinking the webpage showed the map going into its own line and certain elements changing its size to fill the screen in a neat way.

When I first implemented it, it did NOT work as intended. The map didn’t move how I wanted, and it was more or less just squished up when it was smaller rather than becoming aligning itself properly underneath the Location Fieldset. After tagging a bunch of CSS options and trying to move it like that I realized I don’t have to move everything and just the main things like the map section and adjusting the buttons and fields. This part took a bit longer to implement but I ended up figuring out which elements to adjust and incorporate and it seems to work well. It still looks a little weird and there’s a lot of whitespace and things are mostly filled to 100% of the available space but it looks well, I could change the px size but the map would look weird trying to fit in such a smaller view. Overall, I think the responsive layout works well and I think I understand how to implement them a lot better in my own personal projects. 
